# IEEE

### Spring Boot based REST API to Improve Data Quality Report Generation for Big Scientific Data: ARM Data Center Example

> Web application technologies are growing rapidly with continuous innovation and improvements. This paper focuses on the popular Spring Boot [1] java-based framework for building web and enterprise applications and how it provides the flexibility for service-oriented architecture (SOA). One challenge with any Spring-based applications is its level of complexity with configurations. Spring Boot makes it easy to create and deploy stand-alone, production-grade Spring applications with very little Spring configuration. Example, if we consider Spring ModelView-Controller (MVC) framework [2], we need to configure dispatcher servlet, web jars, a view resolver, and component scan among other things. To solve this, Spring Boot provides several Auto Configuration options to setup the application with any needed dependencies. Another challenge is to identify the framework dependencies and associated library versions required to develop a web application. Spring Boot offers simpler dependency management by using a comprehensive, but flexible, framework and the associated libraries in one single dependency, which provides all the Spring related technology that you need for starter projects as compared to CRUD web applications. This framework provides a range of additional features that are common across many projects such as embedded server, security, metrics, health checks, and externalized configuration. Web applications are generally packaged as war and deployed to a web server, but Spring Boot application can be packaged either as war or jar file, which allows to run the application without the need to install and/or configure on the application server. In this paper, we discuss how Atmospheric Radiation Measurement (ARM) Data Center (ADC) at Oak Ridge National Laboratory, is using Spring Boot to create a SOA based REST [4] service API, that bridges the gap between frontend user interfaces and backend database. Using this REST service API, ARM scientists are now able to submit reports via a user form or a command line interface, which captures the same data quality or other important information about ARM data. Index Terms— auto configuration, CRUD, java framework, service-oriented architecture, REST, spring boot



### Dynamic Information Flow Control Architecture for Web Applications

> In typical Web applications, the access control at the database management system is not effective due to the dependency on application behavior. That is, once the information is retrieved, a careless application can easily leak the information to undesirable parties. In addition, database accounts are often shared for multiple Web users in order to allow connection pooling. We propose DIFCA-J (Dynamic Information Flow Control Architecture for Java), to keep track of and control fine-grained information propagation through execution of the program. DIFCA-J allows controlling the information flow at run-time, without needing to modify the source code of the target application or the Java VMs.



### Design of a Real-Time SQL Engine in the Distributed Environment
> Real-time database research has reached a point when a practical approach need to be found to combine academic research fruits with real world problems. It is generally believed that the transaction scheduling principles of the traditional database management is too strin gent to meet real-time constraints. In this paper, we look at the real world problem and argue that the future will see the proliferation of fed erated database consisting of distributed heterogeneous subdatabases. We propose the similarity predicate to unify real-time constraints on ap plications of the federated database system. We then design a real-time SQL engine that sits between the distributed database and the applica tions that separates the database design from individual user application. The real-time part of the engine benefits from SQL standard and can be scaled from empty to very sophisticated.


### bit.ly/malicious: Deep Dive into Short URL based e-Crime Detection
> Existence of spam URLs over emails and Online Social Media (OSM) has become a massive e-crime. To counter the dissemination of long complex URLs in emails and character limit imposed on various OSM (like Twitter), the concept of URL shortening has gained a lot of traction. URL shorteners take as input a long URL and output a short URL with the same landing page (as in the long URL) in return. With their immense popularity over time, URL shorteners have become a prime target for the attackers giving them an advantage to conceal malicious content. Bitly, a leading service among all shortening services is being exploited heavily to carry out phishing attacks, workfrom-home scams, pornographic content propagation, etc. This imposes additional performance pressure on Bitly and other URL shorteners to be able to detect and take a timely action against the illegitimate content. In this study, we analyzed a dataset of 763,160 short URLs marked suspicious by Bitly in the month of October 2013. Our results reveal that Bitly is not using its claimed spam detection services very effectively. We also show how a suspicious Bitly account goes unnoticed despite of a prolonged recurrent illegitimate activity. Bitly displays a warning page on identification of suspicious links, but we observed this approach to be weak in controlling the overall propagation of spam. We also identified some short URL based features and coupled them with two domain specific features to classify a Bitly URL as malicious or benign and achieved an accuracy of 86.41%. The feature set identified can be generalized to other URL shortening services as well. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first large scale study to highlight the issues with the implementation of Bitly’s spam detection policies and proposing suitable countermeasures



### Study and Application of SQLite Embedded Database System Based on Windows CE 

> the SQLite is an open source embedded database engine. For its advantages of small core, fast and high efficiency, stability and reliability, portability and so on, SQLite is widely applied in the data management of embedded environment, such as mobile phone, PDA, industrial control, etc. In this study, the features , architecture and development technology of SQLite are discussed. We proposed a detailed porting process for SQLite to Windows CE platform, and we also introduced an C++ unicode encapsulation for SQLite. In the end, we presented an application of SQLite in embedded system that is about the data recording system which based on ARM and Windows CE 5.0. The experiment shows that it is high performance embedded database and is suitable for embedded system. 





### Security-Enhanced Callback URL Service in Mobile Device

> Callback URL is a technology that makes a user to connect specific URL in the mobile Internet by pushing a connection button. It reduces a burden for the user to input a URL which the user wishes to visit. As the mobile Internet is open, the Callback URL will become more popular. In the current situation, however the user cannot guarantee that a SMS has a right Callback URL. Therefore an attacker sends a SMS that the Callback URL heads for malicious URL. We also had same weakness in the mobile user agreement service which we have developed. Therefore we consider several methods that add security to the Callback URL in this paper. We propose a message and protocol for the traditional SMS, long SMS, and MMS. And the discussion is followed. 



### Using URL Shorteners to Compare Phishing and Malware Attacks

> In this work we use URL shortener click analytics to compare the life cycle of phishing and malware attacks. We have collected over 7,000 malicious short URLs categorized as phishing or malware for the 2 year period covering 2016 and 2017, along with their reported date. We analyze the short URLs and find that phishing attacks are most active 4 hours before the reported date, while malware attacks are most active 4 days before the reported date. We find that phishing attacks have higher click through rate with shorter timespan. Conversely malware attacks have lower click through rate with longer timespan. We also show the comparisons of referrers and countries from which short URLs are accessed, showing in particular an increased use of social media to spread both kinds of attacks. We also find phishing clicks mainly come from USA and Brazil, while malware clicks mainly come from USA and Russia. Overall based on the observation that 50% of malware attacks are active for several years, while less than 50% of phishing attacks are active past 3 months, we conclude that the efforts against phishing attacks are stronger than the efforts against malware attacks.



### You Look Suspicious!! : Leveraging Visible Attributes to Classify Malicious Short URLs on Twitter

> Twitter is one of the most popular Online Social Networks (OSN). It is used by millions of users worldwide everyday. Due to the text limitation on Twitter (140 characters per tweet), URL (Uniform Resource Locator) shortening services are widely used; however they are not free from risks. Shortened URLs are completely different from the original URLs, and hence users have no idea where the short URLs will direct them to. Attackers leverage this knowledge to their advantage to spread malicious URLs. Most of the approaches proposed for classifying malicious URLs utilize information from both social networks and URL shorting service providers. In this paper, we propose a novel approach to detect malicious short URLs using only visible features of tweets and user profiles. We test four machine learning algorithms, i.e., Naïve Bayes, random forest, support vector machine, and logistic regression and obtain an accuracy of up to 97% using random forest when classifying malicious short URLs. Our testing results indicate that the approach using visible features from social networks to detect malicious URLs is practicable. 



### Operators Matching In Dynamic Data Flow Architectures

> Dynamir: Data Flow system is a group of interconnected data flow driven processor elements, solving one compound task. Data Flow systems are systems driven by flow of data. effectively using natural parallelism rising during processing of large amount of data, for example: image processing, sound processing etc. Speed of dynamic data flow system depends on used interconnection network, suitability of parallel architecture usage and also on control of operands matching process. This article deals with operands matching proces8 control optimization. There is a design of part of coordinating processor. controlling operands matching process. described in this article. 



### Proposing a Secure URL Shortening Service by using Blackboard Architecture

> URLs can get long, unattractive, and break when sent via e-mail. To shorten an Internet address, we proposed a secure URL shortening service which will take a long Web address and create a shorter address that will not break in an email posting by using the Blackboard architecture. Security is considered in the proposed service to prevent hacking because shortened links may stop working or requests can be redirected to advertising websites and/or websites containing malware. The Blackboard is updated continuously by KS and it holds all the data concerning the URL shortening by storing all the intermediate solutions until the final solution of the problem of URL shortening is found. The knowledge sources that are proposed in the Blackboard system include: (URL Validation, URL Statistics, and Secure URL shortening).As a result the proposed secure URL shortening service will give the user more trust to use the service with security, availability, and confidentiality consideration as compared to the available used services



### Click Traffic Analysis of Short URL Spam on Twitter (Invited Paper

> With an average of 80% length reduction, the URL shorteners have become the norm for sharing URLs on Twitter, mainly due to the 140-character limit per message. Unfortunately, spammers have also adopted the URL shorteners to camouflage and improve the user click-through of their spam URLs. In this paper, we measure the misuse of the short URLs and analyze the characteristics of the spam and non-spam short URLs. We utilize these measurements to enable the detection of spam short URLs. To achieve this, we collected short URLs from Twitter and retrieved their click traffic data from Bitly, a popular URL shortening system. We first investigate the creators of over 600,000 Bitly short URLs to characterize short URL spammers. We then analyze the click traffic generated from various countries and referrers, and determine the top click sources for spam and non-spam short URLs. Our results show that the majority of the clicks are from direct sources and that the spammers utilize popular websites to attract more attention by cross-posting the links. We then use the click traffic data to classify the short URLs into spam vs. non-spam and compare the performance of the selected classifiers on the dataset. We determine that the Random Tree algorithm achieves the best performance with an accuracy of 90.81% and an F-measure value of 0.913.


### we.b: The web of short URLs

> Short URLs have become ubiquitous. Especially popular within social networking services, short URLs have seen a significant increase in their usage over the past years, mostly due to Twitter’s restriction of message length to 140 characters. In this paper, we provide a first characterization on the usage of short URLs. Specifically, our goal is to examine the content short URLs point to, how they are published, their popularity and activity over time, as well as their potential impact on the performance of the web. Our study is based on traces of short URLs as seen from two different perspectives: i) collected through a large-scale crawl of URL shortening services, and ii) collected by crawling Twitter messages. The former provides a general characterization on the usage of short URLs, while the latter provides a more focused view on how certain communities use shortening services. Our analysis highlights that domain and website popularity, as seen from short URLs, significantly differs from the distributions provided by well publicised services such as Alexa. The set of most popular websites pointed to by short URLs appears stable over time, despite the fact that short URLs have a limited high popularity lifetime. Surprisingly short URLs are not ephemeral, as a significant fraction, roughly 50%, appears active for more than three months. Overall, our study emphasizes the fact that short URLs reflect an “alternative” web and, hence, provide an additional view on web usage and content consumption complementing traditional measurement sources. Furthermore, our study reveals the need for alternative shortening architectures that will eliminate the non-negligible performance penalty imposed by today’s shortening services.


# SPRINGER

### Analyzing Security Risks of Ad-Based URL Shortening Services Caused by Users’ Behaviors

> URL shortening services make URLs shorter and simpler. Ad-based URL shortening services display advertisements to users who access short URLs and reward short URL creators. However, ad-based URL shortening services have specific security risks that URL shortening services without ads do not, such as displaying malicious advertisements to users. In this study, we reveal previously unknown security risks of these services caused by users’ behaviors. We conducted a comprehensive measurement of ad-based URL shortening services. First, we accessed short URLs of these services, clicked buttons on the web pages, and reached the final destinations of the short URLs. Then, we reveal the security risks posed to users by monitoring and analyzing traffic logs when such short URLs are accessed. We found that all services generated an average of 86.5 web requests to malicious domain names per short URL. We then showed the security risk of unintentionally communicating malicious domain names even when users click only on buttons that correctly move users to their desired destinations. Finally, we discuss countermeasures to mitigate these risks from the perspective of each stakeholder in ad-based URL shortening services.



### Secure Short URL Generation Method that Recognizes Risk of Target URL

> All the information and data on the Internet are connected based on URL. Although many people use URL to share and convey the information, it is difficult to transmit the information when URL is long and special characters are mixed. Short URL service is a service that transforms long URL with information into short form of URL and conveys the information, which makes it possible to access the page with necessary information. Recently, attackers who want to distribute the malicious code abuse the short URL through SMS or SNS to distribute malicious codes. With the short URL information, as it is difficult to predict the original URL, it has the vulnerability to Phishing attacks. In this study, a method is proposed, which writes the destination information when generating a short URL so that a user is able to check whether the destination is a web document or a file. The service provider of short URL monitors the risk of target URL page of the generated short URL and decides whether to provide service. By monitoring the modification of web-document, it measures and evaluates the risk of the webpage and decides whether to block the short URL according to the threshold, which prevents attacks such as “drive by download” through the short URL.



### Spam Detection in Link Shortening Web Services Through Social Network Data Analysis

> Twitter is one of the most popular social networking and micro-blogging Web sites in the world. TinyURL is a URL or link shortening web service used by Twitter. Recently, it is being exploited by spammers as a podium to transmit malicious information. TinyURL spam detection in Twitter is a challenging task. In this paper, an efficient scheme is proposed to detect spam in the TinyURL with particular focus on Twitter tweets. A set of features are first extracted from the tweets. This feature set is analyzed to select a reduced set of features. The reduced feature set is fed as input to train three classifiers, namely simple logistic regression, decision tree, and SVM. The classification results show that the SVM classifier has the highest accuracy in detecting spam in TinyURLs.



### Incremental Mining of Significant URLs in Real-Time and Large-Scale Social Streams

> Sharing URLs has recently emerged as an important way for information exchange in online social networks (OSN). As can be perceived from our investigation toward several social streams, the percentage of messages with URL embedded ranges from 54% to 92%. Due to the extremely high volume of evolving messages in OSN, finding interesting and significant URLs from social streams possesses numerous challenges, such as the real-time need, noisy contents, various URL shortening services, etc. In this paper, we propose the Significant URLs MINing algorithm, abbreviated as SURLMINE, to produce the up-to-date ranking list of significant URLs without any pre-learning process. The key strategy of SURLMINE is to incrementally update the significance coefficients of all collected URLs by four pivotal features, including Follower-Friend ratio, language distribution, topic duration and period and decay model. Moreover, its capability of incremental update enables SURLMINE to achieve the real-time processing. To evaluate the effectiveness and efficiency of SURLMINE, we apply the proposed framework to Twitter platform and conduct experiments for 30 days (over 75 million tweets). The experimental results show that the precision of SURLMINE can reach up to 92%, and the execution performance can also satisfy the real-time requirements in large-scale social streams.
